>> Sean Larkin: If you want to
actually do a named export, so
let's just say we want a couple styles and
man, I'm so bad at CSS.
So const, let's say redButton,
let's just say const redButton.
Maybe I'll just call it red =, so
we would pass this into the style and
we would say color red, right?
I'm pretty sure that's valid, and
then let's say we want
to be blue = color blue.
And then if we really wanna be,
since all of us with JavaScript
are masters of abstraction, right?
[LAUGH]
makecolorstyle
= the function that takes a color,
and then returns,
or even avoid the return cuz we could
just do a string right here, right?
So we could say color
learning the little es6 as we go,
we could say color.
Great, and then I'm using prettier
which is auto format set but,
it's the same syntax.
Cool so now we have three named
exports that we could pull.
>> Sean Larkin: I'll keep it there for
a second.
>> Speaker 2: Do you need
actually export?
>> Sean Larkin: I was just about to get
there, yes so,
now we wanna actually export these values.
So we're gonna say,
instead of module.exports,
>> Sean Larkin: We will do exports.red,
and now in this case,
you can just say red = red.
Now this is the preferred way, so
like when I'm ever writing
modules in whatever syntax,
because webpack is run on node, and so
all of the webpack code is common JS.
And so like I prefer almost always,
there's no rule.
You could have it right above the
declaration top of a file, just has to be
in the right execution order.
>> Sean Larkin: This
could be named whatever you want,
as long as its equal to makecolorstyle.
So I could say that, I just I always
name them the same thing, S-T-Y-L-E.
So for me, and
I recommend you adopt this practice,
which is leave your exports
at the bottom of the file.
Contextually if you're just some other
person you're diving into a code base for
the first time.
Do you wanna have to search around
through a bunch of different exports
throughout your file?
Or do you just wanna go to the bottom and
see exactly what's provided?
I think that's super helpful for
context, for readability,
and in the same way if you see
where was it the header, or
the footer jump back to footer.js.
There's actually an easier syntax, you can
actually use destructuring with export.
So if I said export, and I do object,
I can just pass top bottom like this.
Oops, except spelled right.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
it's great cuz if you spell the wrong
export name, when it's ESM webpack knows.
It's like,
>> Sean Larkin: Yeah,
I can't find that export that's
used in the entry point.
It'll complain to you,
>> Sean Larkin: Which I love that,
that was a new feature
we've just added for v4.
So I always say,
put them all at the bottom I mean,
your codes not gonna break if you don't,
but I think this is a great pattern
that you can start adopting right away.
So I guess even in the same way,
we can do, let's refactor this one.
So here, I'll jump back to button-styles,
so is everybody good on that one?
Cool, and move the export down
to the bottom, with footer.js.
Go ahead and do that,
gonna get you used to doing this kind of
pattern.
>> Sean Larkin: And
then also, like you may be like well
Shawn, you got module exports here.
And you're right, that's kinda weird.
And we don't get a named
function out of it.
So or at least just a variable,
so let's do the same thing.
So we could just remove
this module to exports, and
just say const,
>> Sean Larkin: MakeButton
is equal to a function that returns and
we could just say module.exports
= makeButton.
>> Sean Larkin: And
what I like about this is that
having module that exports at
the top is kinda hard
to do js documentation.
So if you follow me on Twitter
you've been noticing as a recent,
I've been extremely passionate about
adding js docs on the webpack source code.
And the reason why is because type script,
you can actually get full
type script checking on your
application by just adding js docs.
And so, when you are using, utilities
work way better to have the named
parameter instead of just the module or
the module dot exports.
So I could say something like this,
takes a string,
>> Sean Larkin: Button name returns,
I can probably say, element.
Yeah, anyways but then you get
instant TypeScript typing out of it.
It's kind of a neat feature but,
I digress, okay.
So now let's see where
we I wanted to actually
consume the common JS file and
its individual exports right?
So we still just have webpack running and
that's the best part.
So now we want to take and
import from button
styles,
>> Sean Larkin: And
now you have access to red,
>> Sean Larkin: And blue,
and even makeColorStyle.
You don't always have to,
you don't have to pull every export.
Like that's the beautiful
thing like let's say like,
I don't use red and
blue because I love mustard color.
And so
I'm gonna just only need this function.
And so what's beautiful about this
syntax is that you should only
actually pull in what you're using.
And the reason why is because
webpack leverages this information
to only bundle what you're using.
So let's just say makeColorStyle,
>> Sean Larkin: Look I love it,
you get all the intellicents right out
of the box, and I didn't even type it
just uses automatic inference of
the typescript language service.
Is mustard actually valid CSS style?
Marigold is, i know that, but
I can't spell marigold, so
let's just do cyan or yes cyan.
[COUGH]
>> Sean Larkin: So if you
code autoformats, my just auto formated
because I added too many parameters.